Your buyers already told you what matters — in their reviews.
Most listings still sound like generic AI fluff.
Amzi Loci is different.
One Windows desk. Six steps. Reviews are the source of truth.
Paste real Amazon reviews. AI extracts insights with verbatim quotes.
Apply your brand kit so copy and images stay on-brand.
Generate listing copy with an Amazon-style preview.
Generate main and gallery images. Pick a cost tier.
Run the compliance checklist before export.
Export one upload pack. You paste into Seller Central yourself.
Bring your own API keys. Stored in Windows Credential Manager.
You pay AI providers directly. Typical cost two to eight dollars per listing.
Amzi Loci. Download free for fourteen days at amziloci.com.